## Spin-fluctuation mediated superconductivity in monolayer NbSe$_2$

In this project, we studied the mixed-parity SC pairing state for monolayer transition metal dichalcogenides, in particular, NbSe$_2$, arising due to unique Ising spin-orbit coupling and mediated by Ferromagnetic spin-fluctuations. The repository contains the code for finding the SC gap solution to calculate a phase diagram as a function of inverse magnetic correlation length and spin-orbit coupling strength. 
** All the plots and analysis files have not been added yet as the paper is not yet published. 
The work was presented in the [APS March meeting 2023](https://meetings.aps.org/Meeting/MAR23/Session/G25.13).
Abstract: The Ising spin-orbit coupling (SOC) generated by the lack of inversion symmetry in monolayer NbSe2 generally causes an admixture between the spin-singlet and spin-triplet components of the superconducting gap function. The resulting Ising superconducting state has attracted significant attention, as it has been proposed to display a wide range of unusual properties, including topologically nontrivial ones. Recent experiments suggest that monolayer NbSe2 has a subleading unconventional pairing state in close proximity to the leading s-wave instability. However, the microscopic mechanism responsible for this subleading state remains under debate. Here, motivated by density functional theory results demonstrating that monolayer NbSe2 is near to a ferromagnetic instability. We investigate unconventional pairing in NbSe2  mediated by ferromagnetic fluctuations. Focusing first on the  Γ pocket, we show that upon increasing the Ising SOC, the pairing state changes from a  (p+d) symmetry to an (s+f) symmetry. We also solve the coupled gap equations between the pockets at Γ and K/K' points, discussing the impact of the ferromagnetic correlation length in promoting a robust pairing state.
